# About Database Scheme

## inputs

Support Points input from user

- id : Firestore key
  - composed from uid and bid. Joint string of uid + bid
- bid : String
  - Board id
- uid : String
  - uid, provided by Firebase auth
- supportPointBase1 ~ supportPointAdd2_5 : Number
  - each input Number from user

## selectedGirls

User selected Support Pair girls

- id : Firestore key
  - composed from uid and bid. Joint string of uid + bid
- bid : String
  - Board id
- uid : String
  - uid, provided by Firebase auth
- pair1Left0 ~ pair13Right : Number
  - user selected "index" of girls. Index is according to "boards" collection's "girls"

### boards

Board info

- id : Firestore key
  - generated by Firestore
- girls : Array[Number]
  - including "icon" as URL and "name"
- passpharse
  - reserved for future. Maybe used for private shared board
- owner : String
  - uid of a board owner
- players : Array[String]
  - joined player uid list
- state
  - board's lifecycle state. see below

## Using platform

- Firebase / Firestore

## boards/state

state shows game board lifecycle.
It begins from "open" on create, and will make transition as below:

open -> playing -> end

- "open" state means the game is on call-for-players. New player can join here.
- "playing" state meas the game has started and in progress. New player cannot join and current players can edit.
- When state goes to "end", the game is archived and no more editable.

boards/state is stored as String on Firestore. Column's format may change in future, especially by adding new state.
